I didn't expect to knock the mountain to shake the tiger
It really alerted a giant field-swallowing tiger
Brother, we are sloppy.
Sooner or later
Ouyang Mo as a national teacher
Since you have the courage to order Cao Ling to rebel
Nature has the courage to face me directly
He can face you directly
It's because they are under a real person
Over 10,000 people
No one can judge him except the lord, so what?
The enemy of a thousand miles was destroyed by Yixue
I don't believe he has no flaws in Ouyang Tomb
Junior brother
So you mean since he came here in person
There must have been something he wanted to confirm.
Confirm that you are killed, you don't need him to come in person at all
Is it important to confirm my death?
But more importantly, he wanted to make sure he had something on him.
Has anyone found out?
I guess he must be cleaning up the traces now
The search chief was severely beaten by two Cao Lins
Did you say any policy before and after the sudden death?
Or leave some hard evidence
no.
When I woke up, they were both dead
Then, how to deal with the mess?
I'll take Zhanwang Chen
Went to the residences of Liu Xishan and Zhang Yuntao to search
Found a safe
Zhanwang Chen left with a few letters
What!
roll
You can leave first.
I'm going to search these two bodies carefully
They used all their strength to seal Jiang Hai to me
Never let Chen Tianjiao bring a letter
Go to the Emperor's Book to report
I can cut my hands short
Do not choose short hands
Deal with Chen Tianjiao first
I'll deal with Long Shuai again